# CS 230
Project Software Design
The Gaming Room client is CTS, Creative Technology Solutions, and they want to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It. They had multiple software requirements including the game can have multiple teams with multiple players, each game and team names must be unique, and there can only be one instance of the game in memory at a time. This was to be done using the Singleton Pattern which is common to use when wanting one instance of a particular object. The iterator Pattern would be used to check if a name or instance existed in memory. I documented who the client was and what they wanted/required well. I was also able to list the differences between operating platforms and what I believed to be better out of the four. When researching these differences the websites the class provided as well as our book helped. Of course, the research I conducted online was just as helpful. 

As for developing the code, the book and the instructions we were given were a great help in understanding what it would take for the code to work. I was able to get an understanding from GeeksForGeeks Singleton Pattern explaination and develop the required code. I was able to choose an operating platform based on the user's needs by picking out of the four what matched their needs the most. Windows was the best fit in my opinion. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing because what you develop is what they see and use. If it doesn't meet their necessity they are unlikely to continue using it and could damage a companies reputation. In the future I'd like to continue researching different operating platforms and get opinions from my colleagues. I may find that others prefer a different operating platform and it could be more beneficial to the user's needs.
